SpriteLib_GPL (SpriteLib General Public License)

Copyright (c) 1996-2002 by Ari Feldman ari@arifeldman
http://www.arifeldman.com
=======================================================


WHAT IS THIS????

SpriteLib is a collection of FREE pre-made game objects and tiles. I
first released it publically back in 1996 to a fairly enthusiastic
response among the hobbyist game programming community. Since that time,
SpriteLib has been downloaded hundreds of thousands of times and bundled
on the CD-ROMs of at least seven major computer game programming books.

After considerable deliberation, I decided to remove SpriteLib for
public distribution in 2002 because the artwork featured in it was old
and no longer reflected my true skills. However, despite my best efforts
to kill SpriteLib it wouldn't die! People still wanted it!

So, it's time I made SpriteLib available again but with some changes,
including:


I. Contents

The contents of this SpriteLib re-release have changed. I have
eliminated items I didn't like and added several other sprite sets that
better reflect my artistic abilities.

SpriteLib now contains four directories:

* Platform - a collection of platform-oriented sprites and tile sets.

* Paddle - a set of sprites and tiles suitable for a variety of
Breakout, Pong and Arkanoid games.

* Maze - a set of military sprites suitable for making your own version
of Combat or Tank Force.

* Shooter - a set of shoot 'em up sprites suitable for making your own
version of the game 1943.


II. Usage License & Restrictions:

The objects and animations contained in this archive are FREE to use for
ANY freeware or shareware games (either online or offline) you create as
long as the following criteria are met:

You must give me credit somewhere on the game's title screen. Credit
must include the following text blurb:

"Game artwork created by Ari Feldman ari@arifeldman.com"

I don't care about text size or placement as long as its clearly
visible.


NOTE: The one exception here pertains to licensed games. You cannot use
the artwork included in this archive if you intend to create a custom
game and license it to any game site. Similarly, you cannot use the
artwork in this file for ANY custom, paid projects (online or offline).

Freeware games are fine as they give something back to the community.

Shareware games (which you can sell for a profit) are fine as well. If
your game is good enough and you market it right, you can make money.


B) Any games you create with this artwork cannot contain banner ads or
use in-game ad technologies such as those from Cydoor, etc.



OTHER NOTES:

This file can only be distributed from my web site,
http://www.arifeldman.com or from others with my express, written
permission.

I fully support hobbyist game developers and will usually grant
distribution requests as well as special dispensations to my license
restrictions if asked.


Have fun!


Ari









